README.md, before:

# Kaname

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/yaocloud/kaname.png)](https://travis-ci.org/yaocloud/kaname)

Kaname(要) is configuration management tool of Keystone.

## Installation

Install it yourself as:

    $ gem install kaname

## Usage

You can define keystone configuration for OpenStack via YAML format. Like following syntax.

```yaml
antipop:
  email: "antipop@example.com"
  tenants:
    production: "cto"
hsbt:
  email: "hsbt@example.com"
  tenants:
    development: "admin"
    production: "member"
```

You need to put a configuration file to home directory.

```sh
% cat ~/.kaname
auth_url: "http://your-openstack-auth-endpoint/v2.0"
username: "admin"
tenant: "admin"
password: "admin-no-password"
management_url: "http://your-openstack-management-endpoint/v2.0"
```

run following command.

```sh
$ kaname diff # You can see difference of definition
$ kaname apply # apply configuration into OpenStack
$ kaname apply --dryrun # You can see all of invoke commands(dryrun)
```

You can create user and user's role with tenant.

If you need to initialize your Keystone configuration, you can get it via following command:

```sh
$ kaname dump
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release` to create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/yaocloud/kaname/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Update README for all_tenants

README.md, after:

# Kaname

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/yaocloud/kaname.png)](https://travis-ci.org/yaocloud/kaname)

Kaname(要) is configuration management tool of Keystone.

## Installation

Install it yourself as:

    $ gem install kaname

## Usage

You can define keystone configuration for OpenStack via YAML format. Like following syntax.

```yaml
antipop:
  email: "antipop@example.com"
  tenants:
    production: "cto"
hsbt:
  email: "hsbt@example.com"
  tenants:
    development: "admin"
    production: "member"
```

You can also define `all_tenants` for config all tenants' authority.  
If both tenants and all_tenants are setting, tenants is preferred.

```yaml
suzupy:
  email: suzupy@example.com
  all_tenants: member
```

You need to put a configuration file to home directory.

```sh
% cat ~/.kaname
auth_url: "http://your-openstack-auth-endpoint/v2.0"
username: "admin"
tenant: "admin"
password: "admin-no-password"
management_url: "http://your-openstack-management-endpoint/v2.0"
```

run following command.

```sh
$ kaname diff # You can see difference of definition
$ kaname apply # apply configuration into OpenStack
$ kaname apply --dryrun # You can see all of invoke commands(dryrun)
```

You can create user and user's role with tenant.

If you need to initialize your Keystone configuration, you can get it via following command:

```sh
$ kaname dump
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release` to create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/yaocloud/kaname/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
